Run preprocessing features (#3)
WayScience/ultrastructural_mitochonria_morphology_analysis: 2.preprocess_features/README.md

# Preprocessing Features

In this module, we convert the SQLite output of the EM data into individual `parquet` files for image data, mitochondria (mito) mask data, lamellar mask data, and tubular mask data using [CytoTable](https://github.com/cytomining/CytoTable).

> Each file is then preprocessed using [pycytominer](https://github.com/cytomining/pycytominer), where CellProfiler features are normalized using standard scalar and feature selected (remove redundant features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we used  [pycytominer](https://github.com/cytomining/pycytominer) to process each `parquet` file, where CellProfiler features are normalized using standard scalar and applying feature selection to remove redundant features. 
```

Author: 👍 changed!
